We have about 500 people in a temporary shelter and we are in dire need of Water, Food, Medications, Tents and Clothes.
I want to say hello, my message is to let you know that there's an area in faustin Anhy street that has nothing neither food, water and medicine,...
We have a lot of problem at Delma 75 Avenue Albert Jode, those people need water and food....
We want you to know that Carrefour need help, we starving to death....
The Comite Miracle in the area of Alerte Rue Monseigneur Guilloux, ( Streets, Alerte and the cross street is Mgr Guilloux ) would like to urgently receive food, water and tents for the people in that area.
We are not located in one place, and i want you to know there is a lot of available spaces to put up tent for shelters  is the reason why we station in front of our house for more safety against thief, as you see....
Please, call or write us if you need more information or if you need our help like beeing translators, food distributors or any services else from us.
Hello Good Morning We live on 31 Delmas we are without water without food and what we had have finished Please do something for us!...
the people in the village of god need food and water so that they can stay.
we want people to know that people that were in Port au Prince that came to Cap-Haitian have no food to eat.
We need aid because so many people have no food or water....
My friends I'm living in a difficult situation, I have family living in Paris I want to communicate with them because I need their help put a top up my phone ( incomplete, contextual educated guess ( mete ti kat pou mwen a please top up my phone )...
There are about 500 to 600 of us in a temporary shelter in Grand Goave, every day more people are coming, we have a lot of problems like need for drinkable water, food, Medicine...
We have someone who is living ( sleeping ) on the streets of Port-au-Prince who needs help to go to Cap-Haitien, he doesn't.
We haven't gotten help like water and food.
Don't forget the provinces like Mawouj in a little underprivileged area where a lot of people coming from Port-au-Prince came in, the food products became very expensive...
I would like to know if the aid is for the people of Champds de Mars only because I am at Carrefour Fueille and I don't see anything serious going on because everything is on top of everything....
they need help of every king, food, water, health services at Thomassin 32, 12 19 km east of Port-au-Prince.
There are many of us in Mangonese Street in Christ-roi in PAP we need food, water, tents and medical assistance...
We are in Bois Moquette ( Upper Petion-Ville ), we have no destroyed house, but we need Water and Food, we lost our job, we lost people....
Good Morning I am in Haiti : I need my father and godfather find food for us to eat and a place for us to sleep.
Washington we are a group here without shelter we need a tent food water and clothes and other important things such as a mobile toilette.
WE WANTED YOUR HELP PLEASE WE NEED OF THE FOODS, WATERS.
The people from cite Castro in Mais Gate 10, we need aid such as : food, water, tents and much more.
People at dAL cARREFOUR ( lIMY STREET ) NEED wATER, MEDICATION, FOOD...
I would like to know if People by chansolm who were in port-au-prince are going to get any help...
We need Help, food, water, medicine.
a lot of people left the city to go to the province ( rural ) areas, we need to encourage decentralization, create work for the camp to be .
At Village Solidarite, these people have nothing, there a little baby needs to be fed ( no food ) please, No kotex available for women that have their period and lots of other problems, please help....
At vifranc street ( near of Bolos ) lots of people who need water, food please help us...
Hi, I am living in Delmas 2, most of the people there lost evrything, we need help and food please....
No Location : Greetings all, I want to tell you that we have a lot of people suffering, starving, they need hygienic wipes, food, clothes, shoes, and more.
We need help at nazon in the street extend ( sylvio cator ) water, food, tent ( please ) ( message in english )...
A lot of people lost their house, we don't have water, food, we are suffering, we're sleeping in the rain.
Hello, we are in the Petionville area we need tents, food and water...
I would like to continue right away my studies so that I can be useful to myself and to my country thank you because you choose to help the young Haitians who are struck under these great tragedies.
Centre Haitien Cooperation internationale - we need water, food, tents and blankets for victims at Delma 33....
Need help, we need tents, water, food, medicine please send the message...
Haitian center cooperation internationnal is asking for water, food tents for victims at Delmas, Carrefour Leogane, Jacmel and Carrefor Feuille...
people together in area the area is Carrefour, near Bertin, Titus Route Riviere Froide, people that they not yet found nothing as water, food, and care anyone that would like to help them.
We have a lot of people coming from outside so we need tents, food water.
I'm a victim that lived in the capital, there I was in 2nd, I'm asking for help to finish school and to send me to another country to study ...
We are a family of thirteen people a mother a father eleven children we need food aid : water food bars of soap oil, financial help we live on Rue Chavannes Prolonge...
Please we need help, please send food for us we live on Route Freres...
Things aren't good at all we as you to send something B?l?s riy?l Charles no 17, we need tents, food and medicine ...
i need medicine to help people near my house...
Those people must have heard a radio/text message or something and the want to know what they go for to the transfor house, what they'll need to take to justify their identity and where exactly in nazon ...
Hello - I am a victim of the quake, I am sending the message because we need 5 tents with food and water at Village EDEN, impasse desmangles ...
We need help, food, water, clothes, tents, etc.
I would like to know if the amercian embassy will grant people visas so they can find relatives that are american citizens and can come and pick up their relatives i haiti.
There are bout 500 of us on Rue du Cosquer in Delmas 9 who need food water and help....
Good Day, I would like information about people who are leaving the country.
school we need water, food for the survivors, we are about 20 people.
We need a lot of help, we don't have anywhere to stay nor water or food to eat...
The Raboteau hospital, emergency unit, needs medicines, orthopedic doctors, because there are many people who have broken limbs, water, food....
In Gonaives we're making a lot of effort with the people but we need water and food, many health centers are blocked we dont have means to help ourselves...
in need of water food and medical help.
Those people haven't received anything like water, food and first aid.
Since the earthquake we have only received water twice and when people come they are bias in distributing the help....
I need food and care I lived in Delma my house was broken everyone died I am with my cousin I can stay at Gonaives we are sleeping at peoples home still but we are hungry....
People in need of water and food they are on waney street khan ok ...
Thanks, we are already in Kenskoff, we don't have another place to go, it's assistance we need to help ourselves and all the piles of other people who came up...
Their hands are empty, they lost their families, their homes are rubble, we are asking for aid for these poor people who are dying of hunger, we are throwing out a shout to all the agencies that want to help those victims...
I need identification to go and get aid such as water, tents, because everyone is a victim, because they are choosing the areas and the people to give help to...
People who lives there have a lot of problems they need water, food, medications.
We need much help like food and flour...
we went to find our family in Santo Domingo but we dont have any money for the Visa because we've lost everything in the earthquake, please help me tell me what to do in this situation thank you in advance ...
children and adults who were hurt so they wont die we went to the doctor but if we get help like food and medicine we could be useful thank you...
food no water in the street we are we have people w/us that needs medical attention....
in Carrefour Feuilles zone Magloire Ambroise Prlonge, we need help, food and water, thank you so much...
help us we need tent, water and food.
Plese send out someone to see the people on Route de Freres, Ruelle d?se, they need food, treated water and tents.
We need tents food and water for the people....
You have put 2-3 helicopter in the air that are dropping tiny bags of water, but those most in need are not receiving if you have god please help these people...
Please help me with the people who've been earthquake victims who want to leave PaP who live in the area around here.
I need 1 tent, I have 4 people with me, no more house, sleeping in the streets, We are hungry, all the family is hungry.
Delma 24, impass madiou, we need water and food they have not deliver any help for us...
She is waiting for help, needs money and food to feed children who are sick  Lives in Carrefour, Midway Street Impasse Villa Jasmin...
Hello please help us, we are in croix des bouquets Rue Fort Dargout ( street ) we don't have food or water, we are in the streets, we have sick people with us, we need help please...
People in Rue Tiremasse, in the area of St Michel are asking for the people to distribute the aid for them, they need water, food and medicine please sos...
We need help such as tents, food, water, pots and pans.
I sent a text message a while ago because we need food, water and tents.
The community of Cite Soleil needs helps, like water, food and tents.
We need Help, Food, Water, Shelter....
NO location : we need food, water, tents, diapers, cookies, sugar, please help us....
I'm asking for you to help me, I don't have food, I don't have water, I don't have a tent, I have a little baby, as do the people around me.
Many people came from the capital to Port-de-Paix when they never knew this place before, now we need food, water and shelter for them all....
We need help please, bring us water, food, at least 10 tents so we can sleep, flashlights..
good morning les samaritains I would like to know if you will give help we asked for ,we let the message over the voice of america are the possibilities still ok ...
good evening I need help water medicaments wc paper tent COLEMAN thanks rue ALIX ROI IMPASSE CHAMPAGNE ...
I received your message 5/5 but i would like to ask one thing: when and how will you be able to get the aid to me for the people around my house who are victims of the earthquake.
We need help please water, food, or at least 10 tents if possible for us to sleep please, flash.
The people of Delmas 75 ask for help - food and water.
I need help, I have a one year old child and I can't find enough water or food for him and my wife, I have to spend the day at my ..
We need help, there is no food, water or anything, I live at rue Rois champagne ...
BEFORE ALL THANK YOU FOR YOUR HELP YOU BRING IN THE COUNTRY,WE ARE GREATFUL,BUT WE NEED FOOD WATER AT LEAST 10 TENTS TO SLEEP URGENT ...
Help us here in Delmas 57 we need water and food and tents, please ...
Good evening my people, I have a little problem because I have a sister who's in Haiti since December 16th and she needs to go but she can't because of me, because my house ..
..Destroyed, I am sleeping in the streets, need help urgent, tent, food.
We need food, water, medicines in the area Petite Place Marchands Communs Dessalines, we are nearly 100 people living in the Petite Place of the Marchands, we haven't gotten ...
WE ARE THE PEOPLE IN LILAVOIS 17 IN THE BETHESDA STREET, THE HOUSES ARE BROCKEN WE SLEEP OUTDOOR,WITH INSECTS WE ARE VERY HUNGRY,COME TO HELP US THANKS FOR THE GOOD WORK ...
i would like to help out in my area with children who have no food because of the earthquake.
In Cabaret we have a lot of Victims, I need information about Food distribution centers, water,tents for them.
Please officials do something for us, we are about 100 people from port-au-prince, we need food, water and medication, we are hungry, we are in ..
We need tents at the airport, please send us to people you know.
Thank you for all the messages, but don't forget to send food with water for the people in Kampech avenue n ...
We have yet to find food along with the fact that there are people who need tents/place to stay because their houses fell.
Did not find food, water, tent to sleep, we have 101 Kids, please come help us ...
WE are in Belair, we want to thank PAM, but we did not receive anything yet, it has been 19 days, and we still sleeping under covers instead of homes or tents, dust is all over, we need help ...
YOU MUST KNOW IN DEPARTMENT OF ARTIBONITE NOW WE HAVE THREE TIMES OF THE NORMAL POPULATION MANY OF THEM LEFT PORT-AU-PRINCE IN OTHER TO SAVE THEIR LIVES WE RECEIVE THEM BUT WE NEED FOOD AND WATER TO FEED THEM ...
THEY NEED HELP NOW ,LOTS OF PEOPLE WHO COME FROM PORT AU PRINCE HAVE NO FOOD NO WATER NO TENTS ...
I NEED HELP I HAVE NO FOOD NO TENTS ...
I ASK THE AUTHORITIES TO HELP US PEOPLE IN DUFOUR NEXT TO MIRAGOANE,WE NEED FOOD,THE KIDS ARE HUNGRY ...
We are a group working with the people of Sion, we need Help in Sion, food, tents, products to sanitize water.
WE HAD TO ''BUY'' THE SAME WATER FOR US HELP ,WE NEED FOOD TOO ...
Goodnight people who live in Santo 25 need tents and food please ...
I'd like to know information about the water that they are giving out, because several people are taking them without permission cards.
i would like to know where food and water are being distributed in carrefour and other areas ...
The people in Carrefour Feuilles need food, water, and tents.
I'm a victime I have problem I need you to help me about food and others ...
I have a telephone, I want to enroll in the 4636 program which can help me to get the info I need to know.Thank you very much.
I need more informations about my country and my people, how they live and what their hope in all helps which are distributed ...
i would like to know information about the help distribution?
HELP ME WITH MY 9 KIDS WE NEED TENTS FOOD WATER MEDICS ...
I want to work I need food Whatever that I find and both will good Thanks ...
I need United Nations aids because i do not have tent, no food neither water for my services,i tell u thanks for your comprehension.
I would like to know if all people living at Port au prince are found a tent for to sleep.
We need of helps as : food, water, tent, toilet of any quality and others.
WE LIVING IN THE NATIONAL SCHOOL #28,WE WAITING YOUR HELP SUCH AS : FOOD,WATER,TENT.
yes I need aid,food,water,tent.please please help me ...
we need water, tents with foods since after the earthquake we never found nothing, please help us!
yes, we need help, food, water, shelter.
yes, we need help, food, water, shelter.
If anyone of good will who find this message, I beg you to help me find a job but a living I do because I do not want to become a thief to answer my needs.
Thank you for the information, I ask us do you need people for job, I am available.
Send for the people of carrefoure lamanten 52 street laporte,number 11.we need some food,water,medicine,shelter.please help us.